## myOrder App Description and FeaturesmyOrder app is an app that allows the user to place their own order at a restaurant.  This will allow the need to wait for a waitress or waiter to take their order making it faster, and more convenient for the customer. The app uses Firebase as the database to store, and retrieve all the information involving this app, which includes storage of the user accounts, menu, and requests. ## This app includes the following features:User Sign Up  - The user enters their phone number, name, and password (stored into database).User Sign In – The user enters their phone number, and password (will check database if their exist or not).User’s Home Screen – This screen holds four buttons, menu, cart, orders, and sign out. Also displays the user’s name.Menu – Displays a list of categories for each type of food (retrieved from database)Category Of Food – Displays a list of food within the selected category (retrieved from database)Food Item – Displays the selected food item’s information, such as name, description, and price. Also allows the user to select how many of the food items they want to add to their cart, as well as adding it to the user’s cartCart – Displays all the items the user has added to their cart, the amount for each item, and displays the total cost of their current cart. Also it allows the user to delete any unwanted items from their cart. It also includes a button that allows the user to submit the order (all items in their current cart, and is stored in the database). myOrder – Displays the details of all the user’s current orders, such as the order ID (the item’s key in the database), order status, their number, and their seat/address.Sign Out – Logs the user out of the app.

